sui-core: add address balances design docs (#26532)
MystenLabs/sui: crates/sui-core/src/accumulators/design_docs/README.md

the accumulator-based mechanism that lets addresses (and objects) hold virtual `Balance<T>`
amounts directly on a single shared root object, without spawning per-coin objects.

If you are touching code under `crates/sui-core/src/accumulators/` or
`crates/sui-core/src/execution_scheduler/funds_withdraw_scheduler/`, this is the place to start.

## What's in this directory

| Doc | Topic |
|-----|-------|
| [`data_model.md`](./data_model.md) | On-chain layout: the `0xACC` root, `AccumulatorObjId` derivation, dynamic-field representation, and the version invariant. |
| [`write_path.md`](./write_path.md) | How a balance changes: `FundsWithdrawalArg`, transaction rewriting, accumulator events (Split/Merge), `AccumulatorSettlementTxBuilder`, and the placeholder→settlement-txns→barrier expansion. Also covers the two paths by which settlement reaches a node (validator vs. checkpoint executor). |
| [`address_funds_scheduling.md`](./address_funds_scheduling.md) | Pre-execution withdraw scheduling for **address-owned** accumulator accounts (max amounts known up front). Eager scheduler, naive baseline, determinism. |

> | [`object_funds_checking.md`](./object_funds_checking.md) | Post-execution sufficiency checking for **object-owned** accumulator accounts (amounts known only after Move VM runs). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`object_funds_checking.md`](./object_funds_checking.md) | Post-execution sufficiency checking for **object-owned** accumulator accounts (amounts known only after the transaction is runs). |
```

The **read path** (RPC balance queries via `accumulators/balances.rs` and the
`AccountFundsRead` trait in `accumulators/funds_read.rs`) is small enough that the inline rustdoc
on those modules is the source of truth — no separate doc is provided here.

## High-level architecture

```
                  ┌──────────────────────────────────┐
                  │         User Transaction         │
                  └──────────────┬───────────────────┘
                                 │
                                 ▼
                Has declared address withdraws?
                                 │
                          ┌──────┴──────┐
                         YES            NO
                          │             │
                          ▼             │
              ┌────────────────────────┐│
              │ FundsWithdrawScheduler ││
              │ (PRE-execution gate)   ││
              │ — see address_funds_   ││
              │   scheduling.md        ││
              └────────────┬───────────┘│
                           │            │
                           ▼            ▼
                  ┌──────────────────────────────────┐

>                   │           Move VM                │

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                  │           execution engine/adapter               │
```

  (`SUI_ACCUMULATOR_ROOT_OBJECT_ID`) that owns every virtual balance as a dynamic field.
- **Accumulator version** — the `SequenceNumber` of the accumulator root. Bumped exactly once
  per settlement batch, by the *barrier* transaction.
- **`AccumulatorObjId`** — the `ObjectID` of an individual accumulator account (a dynamic field
  under `0xACC`). Derived deterministically from `(owner_address, balance_type)`.
- **Address funds** — virtual balances owned by an address (`SuiAddress`). Withdraw maximums are
  declared in transaction data; sufficiency can be checked **before** execution.
- **Object funds** — virtual balances owned by another object (UID). Withdraw amounts are
  computed by Move code at runtime; sufficiency must be checked **after** execution.
- **Settlement** — the act of folding a commit's accumulator events into the on-chain root.
  Implemented as N parallel settlement transactions (`NonExclusiveWrite` access) plus one
  barrier transaction (`Mutable` access).
- **Barrier transaction** — the final settlement transaction that gates the accumulator version
  bump. Driven by `accumulators::build_accumulator_barrier_tx`.

> - **Split / Merge** — Move VM accumulator events. Split = withdrawal, Merge = deposit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Split / Merge** — Accumulator events. Split = withdrawal, Merge = deposit.
```

Reviewer: They are also emitted by the gas meter so not sure what to say there
